Improve MSTest SDK documentation (#40334)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-mstest-sdk.md

You don't need anything else to build and run your tests and you can use the same tooling (for example, `dotnet test` or Visual Studio) used by a ["classic" MSTest project](./unit-testing-with-mstest.md).

## Selecting the runner

By default, MSTest SDK will rely on MSTest runner but you can easily switch to VSTest by adding the following property `<UseVSTest>true</UseVSTest>`.

## Extending MSTest runner

You can customize `MSTest runner` experience through a set of [NuGet package extensions](./unit-testing-platform-extensions.md). To simplify and improve this experience, MSTest SDK introduces two features.

### MSTest Runner profile

The concept of profile, allows you to select the default set of configurations and extensions that will be applied to your test project.

You can set the profile using the property `TestingExtensionsProfile` to one of the following 3 profiles:

- `None` - no extension is added,

> - `Default` - the default profile when none is explicitly set. Depending on the version of the SDK, the recommended list of extensions.

Reviewer: "none is explicitly set". This is a little bit confusing with `None`. I will change the wording to something like `when this property is not provided/missing`

> - `None` - no extension is added,
> - `Default` - the default profile when none is explicitly set. Depending on the version of the SDK, the recommended list of extensions.
> - `AllMicrosoft` - enable all extensions shipped by Microsoft (including extensions with a restrictive license).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Default` - Enables the recommended extensions for this version of MSTest.SDK. This is the default when the property is not set explicitly.
- `None` - No extensions are enabled.
- `AllMicrosoft` - Enable all extensions shipped by Microsoft (including extensions with a restrictive license).
```

Here is a full example, using the `None` profile:

```xml
<Project Sdk="MSTest.Sdk/3.3.1">

    <PropertyGroup> 
        <TargetFramework>net8.0</TargetFramework>
        <TestingExtensionsProfile>None</TestingExtensionsProfile>
    </PropertyGroup>    

    <!-- references to the code to test -->

</Project>
```

### Enabling or disabling extensions

> On top of the extensions profile, we offer the ability to enable or disable extensions using a MSBuild property with the pattern `Enable[NugetPackageNameWithoutDots]`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Extensions can be enabled and disabled by MSBuild properties with the pattern `Enable[NugetPackageNameWithoutDots]`.
```

For example, to enable the crash dump extension (NuGet package [Microsoft.Testing.Extensions.CrashDump](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Testing.Extensions.CrashDump)), you can use the following property `EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCrashDump` set to `true`:

```xml
<Project Sdk="MSTest.Sdk/3.3.1">

<PropertyGroup> 
    <TargetFramework>net8.0</TargetFramework>
    <EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCrashDump>true</EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCrashDump>
</PropertyGroup>

<!-- references to the code to test -->

</Project>
```

This page lists all [extensions](./unit-testing-platform-extensions.md) available.

> [!WARNING]
> Please review the licensing terms for each extension as they may vary.

> You can combine the profiles with this feature. For example, you can opt-out from the `Default` profile the `MS Code Coverage` extension by setting `<EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCodeCoverage>false</EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCodeCoverage>`. Full-example below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enabled and disabled extensions are combined with the extensions provided by your selected extension profile.

This can be used to enable an additional extension on top of the implicit `Default` profile (as seen in the CrashDumpExtension example above). 

Or to disable an extension that is coming from the selected profile. In this case disabling `MS Code Coverage` extension by setting `<EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCodeCoverage>false</EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCodeCoverage>`:
```

You don't need anything else to build and run your tests and you can use the same tooling (for example, `dotnet test` or Visual Studio) used by a ["classic" MSTest project](./unit-testing-with-mstest.md).

> ## Selecting the runner

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Select the runner
```

By default, MSTest SDK will rely on MSTest runner but you can easily switch to VSTest by adding the following property `<UseVSTest>true</UseVSTest>`.

> ## Extending MSTest runner

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Extend MSTest runner
```

You can customize `MSTest runner` experience through a set of [NuGet package extensions](./unit-testing-platform-extensions.md). To simplify and improve this experience, MSTest SDK introduces two features.

### MSTest Runner profile

The concept of profile, allows you to select the default set of configurations and extensions that will be applied to your test project.

You can set the profile using the property `TestingExtensionsProfile` to one of the following 3 profiles:

- `Default` - Enables the recommended extensions for this version of MSTest.SDK. This is the default when the property is not set explicitly.
- `None` - No extensions are enabled.
- `AllMicrosoft` - Enable all extensions shipped by Microsoft (including extensions with a restrictive license).

Here is a full example, using the `None` profile:

```xml
<Project Sdk="MSTest.Sdk/3.3.1">

    <PropertyGroup> 
        <TargetFramework>net8.0</TargetFramework>
        <TestingExtensionsProfile>None</TestingExtensionsProfile>
    </PropertyGroup>    

    <!-- references to the code to test -->

</Project>
```

> ### Enabling or disabling extensions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Enable or disable extensions
```

Extensions can be enabled and disabled by MSBuild properties with the pattern `Enable[NugetPackageNameWithoutDots]`.

For example, to enable the crash dump extension (NuGet package [Microsoft.Testing.Extensions.CrashDump](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Testing.Extensions.CrashDump)), you can use the following property `EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCrashDump` set to `true`:

```xml
<Project Sdk="MSTest.Sdk/3.3.1">

<PropertyGroup> 
    <TargetFramework>net8.0</TargetFramework>
    <EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCrashDump>true</EnableMicrosoftTestingExtensionsCrashDump>
</PropertyGroup>

<!-- references to the code to test -->

</Project>
```

This page lists all [extensions](./unit-testing-platform-extensions.md) available.

> [!WARNING]
> Please review the licensing terms for each extension as they may vary.

Enabled and disabled extensions are combined with the extensions provided by your selected extension profile.

> This can be used to enable an additional extension on top of the implicit `Default` profile (as seen in the CrashDumpExtension example above). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This can be used to enable an additional extension on top of the implicit `Default` profile (as seen in the CrashDumpExtension example above).
```
